Cops Arrest Social Worker For Attempting Kidnapping 
in School Meeting 


AP Newswire: June 25th, 2014 


In a stranger than fiction truth, it would appear 
that some people who make bold claims as a result of 
their supposed "position of power" as a Social 
Worker, one young lady found out the hard way and 
ended up being arrested because of her threats to 
take a child away from her father during an "in- 
school" private meeting. 

In an effort to maintain the "No LEGAL NAMES" theme 
that is boldly apparent in this strange turn of 
events, it would appear that the truths surrounding 
the much discussed topic of "No LEGAL NAME, No game" 
that has been popping up all over the internet latey 
and seems to be connected to 
www.kateofgaia.wordpress.com . It appears that a 
legal name has more power than most people have ever 
imagined in that having identification seems to be 
just part of our every day lives. This reporter has 
been busy over the last week researching this 
culmination of an ongoing matter that began about 2 
months ago when a young girl of seven refused to 
answer to her name for the morning roll call register 
in class. 

Upon further investigation and talking with a former 
attendance taker at a school, the roll call has a far 
more sinister under current than any caring parent 
could imagine. It seems that a school will not get 
paid for any child in that school if they do not 
answer to this legal name register even if they're in 
the school. How bizarre is that? What started out as 
an innocent question of "why do I need to come to 
school when everything I need to learn is all on the 
internet anyway?" much to the dismay of her teacher. 
This young child was then confronted by the teachers 
challenge of "if you think teaching is easy then why 
don't you try it?" in an obvious jilted ego attack 
that was promptly answered with "sure, I'll teach the 
class next week then" to which the teacher agreed 


thinking that this child would back down. Not on your 
life and it only gets better from here. 

As a result of this, the child ended up getting a two 
week suspension from school but mainly because the 
school could not "legally" have her there as a result 
of register denial and a meeting for the other 
parents was set up because, in her absence, her 
friends started doing the same thing creating 
monetary mayhem for the school because of the no 
legal name claim by the children, thus, no pay for 
the school even with them there. The plot thickens at 
this point. The young lady, who we'll call "White" 
and her Dad were NOT invited to this meeting even 
though White was the basis for the meeting in the 
first place. Strange indeed and it gets even 
stranger. 

White and her Dad did show up to the meeting where 
the Headmistress of the school denied them entry and 
threatened to call the police to which her Dad 
replied that he would call them for her if she 
wished. In a previous encounter that is proved by 
this articles end result, the very same police 
sergeant that White and her Mum had an encounter with 
not a week before with him unable to write White's 
Mum a ticket with the line "No names here mate" was 
the very same sergeant that showed up for the call. 
When the police were informed of the situation and 
the barring of White and her Dad in the meeting he 
asked the Headmistress if White's "legal name" was 
going to be mentioned during this meeting. she 
replied no, it wasn't. So the sergeant replied that 
to be sure, he was going to leave an officer behind 
to observe the meeting and that he would be under 
orders to arrest the Headmistress if she did. Of 
course there was the typical reaction of "You can't 
do that" to which he answered "Yes I can and I will". 
Fortunately for the Headmistress, she paid heed and 
never uttered White's legal name even when pushed by 
a parent "in the loop" at the meeting to try and get 
her to say it and she ended up tendering her 
resignation for retirement at the end of the school 
year a few days after the meeting. Hold on, it gets 


better by the minute. The officer in the meeting, who 
is well known by this parent living on the same 
street told him during the meeting; "All I know is 
that it is ILLEGAL to try and get some one to answer 
to a legal name that they have said is not them and 
that's why she cant say "Whites name." 

There is far more to this story but I think by now 
you're starting to get the same sense as me in that 
"We're not in Kansas anymore Toto" and some very 
Sinister hidden realities are coming to bear as a 
result of this refusing to answer to the legal name 
in classroom by a young child to the arrest of a 
social worker. There is only one common thread that 
seems to link all of this and the "why" it happened 
at all. In White's Dad's own words when asked, I was 
given the following so I will simply let him say what 
happened; after all, he was there. This reporter just 
took the liberty of a few corrections since newstype 
programs insists. This was a meeting they were at on 
June 24th, 2014 

"So when we were on our way to the school we were 
walking past the cafe and we seen the sergeant 
outside the cafe and he called us over. So we were 
telling him where we were going and he gave us his 
phone number and said, "If you need me, just phone 
and if I can help I will" so I said thank you and off 
we went to the school. We got to the school and went 
in to see the headmistress and well, you got it; they 
were up to something in her office. There was a 
police officer and a social worker so we just laughed 
at them and the police officer didn't like that and 
got pissed. off and said "if you carry on I will 
arrest you" and then the social worker said "and I 


will take your daughter away from you". So I said 
"you can try BUT with out a legal name you cant do 
anything because we know who we are!" and then I said 


to the officer "I think you need to talk to your 
sergeant before you carry on, I'll phone him for you" 
So I phoned him and said to him what was going on and 
he said "I knew they were up to something, I will be 
right in as I am outside now" and in about a minute 
there he was with 2 other officers. He said "Right 


what is going on?" and the social worker said "Well?" 
and the sergeant said I am not talking to any of you 
so he said to White "What has happened?" So White 
told him what the social worker had said and then the 
sergeant said to the officer who was with the social 
worker â€œArrest her right now for trying to kidnap a 
child!" so he did and the social worker said "You 
can't do this to me, my Dad is a judge and he will 
have your job for this!" and the sergeant said "When 
your Daddy finds out what you just did he will be 
beside himself, now get her out of here, now!" and 
then he said to the headmistress of the school, "Next 
time, that will be you!" When we were outside he said 
to White "so do you know who you are?" "Yes" she 
said, "I am Phoenician, I am not of your world of 
words and spell, I am Phoenician, we are of sound 
truth and love". Then he bowed to her and turned and 
walked away. On the way home I said to white "what 
made you say that?" She said "I don't know dad, it 
just came out" "Can we go to the park?" "Yes" I said 
and I just left it at that. I'll have a talk with her 
after, I don't want to push her. What a day we have 
had. Thank you Kate for all that you are doing for 
everyone...xXox. 

The reference to "Kate" is directly connected to the 
website I mentioned earlier in the story. In a world 
where truth can often be stranger than fiction, it is 
this reporters opinion that a fiction of reality is 
the truth where much is apparently hidden from the 
general public's view. It is no mystery that much of 
what is really going on is never reported in our 
mainstream media streams but I felt this one had to 
be shared if only for the strangeness and the very 
serious questions it raises. Upon further research 
during the unfolding of this story, which has held my 
intense interest, I did discover something, actually 
many things surrounding this issue and topic and of 
course the numerous stories that come up discussing 
the much misaligned "Freeman on the Land/Sovereign 
Citizen" movements. This is nothing like I've ever 
encountered, let alone found proven to be true. It 
appears the previously mentioned freeman groups have 


it ALL wrong committing fraud with every claim they 
make using a legal name that isn't even theirs. 

It appears that under the fluffy surface of normal 
society that is portrayed to all of us, something 
very Sinister is going on and it is now proven to be 
fact. The entire banking and legal system is based 
solely upon the legal name and getting people to 
admit that they are that name but unwittingly commit 
fraud EVERY time they do. The proof? This one is easy 
to prove with minimal looking into copyright law. All 
legal names are CROWN COPYRIGHTED so they belong to 
something or someone else. I could go into greater 
detail but upon visiting that website and reading a 
little I found one article that explains it all in 
one pass called "Babylon is Fallen" by kate of gaia 
notably devoid of any copyrights on her work and 
rather deliberately so. This reporter would simply 
urge you, if you want to learn more about how you're 
being fed off of by the "System" and its controllers, 
to read a few articles on that site but be warned; 
everything you thought you knew to be real will 
change. The good news is, it changed me for the much 
better. Now, if you will excuse me, this reporter has 
much reading to do and more news to share with 
regards to this "We must be in Oz" moment. 

For the sake of my job, I'm not adding my fraudulent 
LEGAL NAME here....CPD 


