Exit-Stage Right...... by kate of gaia 


So quick are so many to judge, even some to the point 
where they choose a profession of such a nature. As in 
the truth of as above, so below, as below, so above we 
find the micro/macro displays of this yet again. In the 
court, the judges have the lowest power and the highest 
pay where the clerks have the highest power and lowest 
pay. Those that judge the most here, get the most in 
regards to their camel's cargo where the meek can 


simply walk straight through. They can keep their 
cargo, all of it, regardless if they stole it from me 
or not. 


The judges of this world from street level to the 
highest courts/churches have the furthest to travel and 
are saddled with more burdens than those seeking truth 
and peace. They are trapped in their worship of the 
physical realms and shall be, by their choice of free 
will, hanging around until; they too, figure it out. 
The manufactured "hell" that Rome created to scare the 
ignorant into submission is just that, manufactured 
where they have created their own prison bars here on 
earth. The hell they speak of is the hell we all get to 
experience in our day to day lives. We're born, work 


our fingers to the bone with the occasional fun times, 


have kids etc. then we die; repeat as necessary. Ad 
nauseum. 


There are some of us, however, that reach for higher 
and grander ideals in re-creating a better world and a 
better existence for ourselves and others. Some of us 
even go as far as to dedicate our waking lives to it 
nullifying most, if not all, of the fun times prior to 
body drop. For some reason or another, some of us 
simply feel the drive and the need to play this 


particular role where fanfare is shunned vehemently as 


much as distractions from our missions as well. As 
usual, the egos of the Cain mind are always the biggest 
distractions and thus why, if I cut a conversation 
short with anyone, they'll know I'm not in the mood to 
waste time on one. 


This stage we play on is a very dark one indeed with so 
very few lights to shine on the show. Of late, many 
more of those lights are getting brighter and more 
numerous with much chagrin from those wishing to keep 
the show dark. Many have come to me with frustrations 
about family members and friends that don't want to 
listen to them, call them crazy and they are seemingly 
beating their heads against the walls of frustration. 
My words in regards to this are beyond curt now. I 
Simply tell them to stop trying, just be a light and, 
the willing moths will gather. Just shut up. Better 
yet, slap the ego and tell people that you'd love to 
share some insight but youâ€™re afraid that they just 
wouldn't get it. Pisses the ego right off and creates 
what I call the cookie jar effect: tell the kids they 
can't have cookies from it and where do they go first 
when you're not looking? 


When you see the ego as the selfish, spoiled brat that 
it is, you'll soon learn to: stop listening to it if you 
choose to be all grown up like the god you are. I see 
those that judge others, be it professionally (pro- 
fessio = latin for "for to make weary") or just the 
local pub critic etc. as those that have the most chaos 
to deal with. You will find a trend of these beings 
being the most criminal of all in regards to the 
harming of others be it physically or theft and so on. 
They are trapped on stage left, the Cain mind, where 
there is no exit from this created hell, just a 


continuation of the same perils and pitfalls no matter 
what their supposed "show of wealth" dictates. Again, 
these rich beings will never get through the needle 
doorway in the wall that leads into the Emerald City 
and the metaphorical kingdom of heaven within. How's 
that for a cookie jar? 


As in this universe of duality, we have two choices; 
physical lusts and desires or spiritual advancements to 
higher realms. Here's the thing that people miss 
however. Keep in mind that I am referencing many things 
Simultaneously and will not waste time quoting sources 
etc. simply because truth is truth when it resonates; 
period. We, as photons, not bodies, are to see what it 
is we truly want where many get caught up in the lures 
and nets of flesh or, as I like to call them, 
meatsticks. They get trapped in the notions of all 
things physical where they degrade further and further, 


lifetime after lifetime where hopefully, they will 
eventually snap out of it or not. There are so many 
parallel sources of truth such as the bible, astrology 
and mythology and so on, if you know how to read them, 
I have simply lost count of the correlations. There are 
no coincidences. All things for a reason. 


The reasons these books and sources of knowledge are so 
accurate in "prophecy" is because they have been given 
to us by others that have lived through the same things 
but at a different time. If one considers the notion 
that light, coming from a distant galaxy takes 
thousands of years to reach us over the vastness of 
Space, one can conclude that this whole scenario has 


been seen before in a cosmic "deja vu". A planet, with 
human forms on it 2000 light years away would have seen 
what we are seeing now 2000 years ago as a simple 


example. As the light continues into the "future" away 


from us, there will be others who see the same things 


we are seeing now and writing about. This is why living 
in the now is critical. Do not be distracted by living 
in the past or the future by way of emotions or 
calendars. 


We have a cosmic clock and calendar in the heavens if 
we but choose to look. Soon, this clock resets for the 
next 26,000 year cycle. It will be your choice, in your 
"now" actions whether or not you have to continue with 
another round of kindergarten or not. All things 
physical (bodies/earth) are born of and will return to 
the earth, All things cosmic and spiritual will return 
to the photonic source. If you yearn for the stars to 
go home then you know what it is I speak of. In the 
same way that light comes here in "Angles/Angels" so 
must it be why we were manipulated by our tongue 
pledge/lange-gage/language of Angle/ish....when 
something is "ish" it is only a close facsimile of the 
real thing making us all angel-ish..It's no wonder we 
speak of the Irish as having hot tempers being ire- 
ish...Being one, I know that all too well. 


Truly, the only way we advance is doing the "right" 
thing in all forms. Being right in our thinking has 
more to do with being upstanding and honourable versus 
being "co-wrecked"/correct which belongs in the domain 
of the Cain/left mind which is always out in left 
field. What I find most difficult to do is to convey 
these most simple of concepts to those hell-bent on 
trying to complicate things. Those that are firmly 
trapped in the illusion will be those most willing to 
judge and lust for all things physical be it money, sex 
or whatever tickles their physical fancy. That is not 
to say we can't have fun and live beautiful lives here. 
Unfortunately, much of that has been stolen by those 


that ONLY want to do that and use others to that end. 
Those are the most degraded beings of our day and 


should be pitied, not hated or feared. ` The ones 
claiming to be "just doing their job" are even more 
trapped because they are taking orders from those that 
judge others as their chosen "pro-fessio". 


Having been one of the "fooled and duped", I am only 
speaking from the perspective of my own awakening to 
the more cosmic and universal law ways. Hard to tell 
black from white if you haven't seen both to compare 
them non? This is why we can only judge, then forgive 
ourselves for OUR actions and no-one else's; that's 
their job and business to judge self, not yours. The 
next time you get "off-ended" consider the notion that 
it is your ego, not you and you'll start to get a 
handle on that tricky little bastard. It is only when 
you get center stage in your life can you see both 
Sides of the stage equally and you will see that they 
are both dark for the lack of lighting at either end. 
Stage left is the black hole sucking all light into it 
and the stage right is veiled until you get close 
enough to it having cast off the physical lusts of this 
realm. She, the virgin white pure thought bride of the 
right mind will not unveil until she sees a pure 
bridegroom and Cain is not in that league. 


As I have so often stated, this realm is one that lives 
in the mirror, the wrong side of the looking glass and 
until we look into the mirror to see how it really is 
with ourselves and the world around us, we will 
continue to see all things backwards. Even our eyes see 
everything upside down until our brains correct it. So 


imagine this for a moment. All things that we wish to 
have here and can never seem to get are exactly those 
things that await us when we return home to the photon 


realms. For those that get what they want here, they 
are condemned to stay here because they will never be 
able to let go until, they too, finally become 
dissatisfied with the limitations of this physical 
creation. The physical realm is so far out of natural 
balance in the grand schemes, for me, it is 
unfathomable that we got this far and this bad but then 
again, until one sees the truest blacks, one cannot 


experiences the truest whites. 


The ancients have given us the truth many times and 


many times we have been captivated and lured by the 
thoughts and superstitions of others. Those that are 
claiming to be the most holy here are the ones that are 


also in the most chaos. They have much to live up to 
and they too fail because of their own beliefs in 
superstitions and falsehoods. Gratefully, the truth can 
not be veiled forever where all false-hoods must come 
off. For all those chasing conspiracy theories to prove 
this or that; you are caught in the trap of 
distractions. Once you real-eyes that all these things 
are distractions, you'll stop being enamored (not 
loved) by all things outside of self and will begin to 
look within and stop giving energy to the very things 


that trap you where there are those that wish to keep 
you trapped. Misery loves company, move along. 


I have much pity for those beings that continue to be 
caught in the physical quicksand where instant 
gratification is master. For those claiming to have no 
master, please rethink that idea after that last 
concept. If physical desires rule you, then you are not 
free and never will be until you see beyond the looking 
glass. When one realizes that one is pure light, of god 
source, a photon of consciousness, one begins to 
separate from all things physical where the returning 


to knowing thyself can begin in earnest. Solving 
physical problems will only bring you physical results 
and in turn, a physical death. We are so degraded that 
there is even a guy in Russia that is building an 
android to house consciousness/mind. Seriously, is this 
the infinity you dream of? Would you trade a planet for 
a spoonful of dirt? It's like owning the candy store 


and settling for a gumdrop. Sheer madness since ye are 
gods. The answers were written in the heavens long 


before the guides showed up and wrote the books about 


what is to come because they seen it and lived it 
before us. This is experience of the masters at work 


where one day, we too can help those thousands of light 
years away into their own awakening in this never- 
ending story. The exit is clearly marked though the 
path be narrow and one must travel light, literally. 


The kingdom is within you, not in the delusions of 
grandeur of an outside world of illusion. There are no 
coincidences; all things for a reason so please pay 
attention. The fact that you're reading this is not a 
coincidence either. I have a purpose that resonates 


with me and you're special enough to get it but will 
you really "get it"? That choice is yours and will 
remain to be seen. I'm an observer, not a judge. I have 
found myself guilty on many counts in this life and my 
own penance is doing what I do now where hopefully, 


others can see themselves as beautiful as I see them. 
The virgin bride awaits you, exit, stage right....see 
you on the other side or not, much love, kate 


